[INTERPOSING VOICES]
FEMALE SPEAKER: Glory
to Eagles.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Go Eagles
and Dockers.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
FEMALE SPEAKER: Eagles
and Dockers.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INTRO MUSIC]
FEMALE SPEAKER: Australia has
Ayers Rock, where it's very
famous, and the Melbourne Cup.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Sydney
Harbor Bridge.
MALE SPEAKER: Just very
quiet most of the
time when you're outside.
MALE SPEAKER: It's
got god benches.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Swimming,
surfing.
MALE SPEAKER: I don't
like the water.
It stings.
MALE SPEAKER: There's two
animals I'm afraid of,
crocodiles, sharks,
and snakes.
MALE SPEAKER: On my doodle for
Google, I had drawn a green
tree frog and a blue
tongued lizard.
MALE SPEAKER: Cats.
MALE SPEAKER: Dogs.
MALE SPEAKER: No turkey's
are Australian.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Kangaroos.
MALE SPEAKER: Two crabs
and a shark.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Sushi.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Meat pie.
MALE SPEAKER: He's
a vegetarian.
MALE SPEAKER: I did an
aboriginal flag in Australia,
and then I wrote Google
across it.
MALE SPEAKER: If everyone was
the same in Australia, it just
wouldn't be as fun.
MALE SPEAKER: Maybe like
Islamic, Aztec--
FEMALE SPEAKER: Romans?
MALE SPEAKER: Romans.
That's it.
That's what I was looking for.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Those
are ancient.
FEMALE SPEAKER:
[UNINTELLIGIBLE].
FEMALE SPEAKER: Nature
and birds.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Mine
is a wombat.
FEMALE SPEAKER: A koala,
kangaroo, and emu.